Translation Bausparkassen-ME-API to 🇬🇧 (#45)
europace/bausparkassen-market-engine-api: README.md

>
> 3. sensible usage of HTTP status codes, even if they are not explicitly documented
>

<!-- https://opensource.zalando.com/restful-api-guidelines/#108 -->

## API Version

The version of the API is based on [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) and has the format

`MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`

and is part of the [Swagger Definition](https://github.com/europace/bausparkassen-market-engine-api/blob/master/swagger.yml) (`info.version`).

1. The `MAJOR` version is incremented in case of API incompatible changes (e.g. new mandatory data)
2. The `MINOR` version is incremented for backward compatible API changes (e.g. new optional specifications)
3. The `PATCH` version is incremented if the API remains the same, but the Swagger definition is adapted (e.g. extension or adaptation of descriptions in the API)

You will find the current version of the API within the [Releases](https://github.com/europace/bausparkassen-market-engine-api/releases).

## API specification

Requests and responses are defined in the [Swagger Definition](https://github.com/europace/bausparkassen-market-engine-api/blob/master/swagger.yml).

> ## Documentation

Reviewer: Ich würde diese Überschrift einfach komplett streichen.
```suggestion
```

> ### Calculation

Reviewer: Es sollte einheitlich sein entweder Ermittlung und Annahme übersetzen oder nicht und dann vermutlich ins Glossar.

The calculation serves to generate offers.

> In the process, the data entered in the Vorgang regarding the Finanzierungswunsch as well as the applicant data are transmitted to the product provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the process, the data provided for the Finanzierungswunsch as well as the applicant data are transmitted to the product provider.
```

The Produktanbieter 

> - Checks the Vollständigkeit of the Vorgang

Reviewer: Also wenn wir hier die deutschen Worte lassen, müssten sie ins Glossar oder analog zur anderen API hier mit übersetzen.

> - Checks the Vollständigkeit of the Vorgang

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checks the feasibility of the Vorgang
```

> - Checks the Machbarkeit of the request 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Checks the completness of the request 
```

- May adjusts the request
- Calculates the 2/3 - conditions 

> ### Accepting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Acceptance
```

oder vielleicht 
```suggestion
### Accepting an offer
```

### Annahme

> If all the necessary data is available and the preliminary check was successful, the acceptance of the Vorgang can take place. In this process, the <b>customer's request</b>, i.e. the <b>recorded (but unadjusted)</b> data of the Finanzierungswunsch by the broker, as well as the applicant data are transmitted to the Produktanbieter.

Reviewer: Analog zur anderen API
```suggestion
If all the necessary data is available and the preliminary check was successful, the acceptance of the Vorgang can take place. In this process, the customer's request, i.e. the provided data of the Finanzierungswunsch, as well as the applicant data are transmitted to the Produktanbieter.
```

> The Produktanbieter shall then in turn carry out all steps necessary for the acceptance of the offer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Produktanbieter should then, in turn, carry out all steps necessary for the acceptance of the offer:
```

> If all the necessary data is available and the preliminary check was successful, the accepting of the case can take place. In this process, the customer's request, i.e. the provided data of the Finanzierungswunsch, as well as the applicant data are transmitted to the product provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all the necessary data is available and the preliminary check was successful, the case can be accepted. In this process, the customer's request, i.e. the provided data of the Finanzierungswunsch, as well as the applicant data are transmitted to the product provider.
```

#### Adaptation of the customer's request

- If it is not possible to issue an offer on the desired financing criteria, an adjustment should be made to generate a feasible offer
- The following specifications can be adjusted
    - Duration specification
    - Monthly payment specification
    - Loan amount specification
    - Insurance combinations
    - Commission
- An adjustment message must be generated for each adjustment to inform the broker of the adjustment.
- See fields <code>status.angepasst</code> and <code>meldungen</code>

#### Credit assessment of the Antragssteller

- Including an overview of the accounted income and expenses and the calculated surplus/shortfall
- See field <code>bonitaetscheck</code>

#### Calculation of final conditions

> - Including redemption schedule

Reviewer: Wording klären

- See fields <code>kredit</code>, <code>bausparvertrag</code> and <code>tilgungsplanBausparvertragMitVorausdarlehen</code>

#### Vote on the feasibility of the application

- Including consideration of the scores of external providers e.g. Schufa

> - In case of rejection, generating a message with reason for rejection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In case of rejection, generating a message with the reason for rejection
```

- See fields <code>status</code> and <code>meldungen</code>

#### Identification of documents to be submitted
- See field <code>unterlagen</code>

#### Creation of the contract documents
- See field <code>dokumente</code>

### API reference

The implemented interface accepts data with content-type **application/json**.  

#### Request

> Services that implement the API expect a POST-request with a JSON-document as request-body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services that implement the API expect a POST request with a JSON document as request body.
```

> During the offer calculation, it is already ensured that the application data is complete. Notwithstanding this, the service must be able to deal with missing data. This should not lead to a technical error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the offer calculation, it is already ensured that the application data is complete. Nevertheless, the service must be able to deal with missing data. This should not lead to a technical error.
```

#### Response

The response will be expected as JSON within the response body. 

> In general a response with a complete offer and HTTP status code **200 SUCCESS** is expected. If the offer is **MACHBAR**, at least one document is expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general a response with a complete offer and HTTP status code **200 SUCCESS** is expected. If the offer is `MACHBAR`, at least one document is expected.
```

In case of a technical error a response with HTTP status code **500** is expected. The response must not contain an offer, but should give an indication of the cause of the error as <code>supportMeldung</code>.

##### Handling incomplete requests

> A complete offer without document(s) is expected. The Machbarkeitsstatus is **NICHT_MACHBAR**. Vollständigkeitsmeldungen must be available, that point out the missing data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A complete offer without document(s) is expected. The Machbarkeitsstatus is **NICHT_MACHBAR**. Vollständigkeitsmeldungen, that point out the missing data, must be available.
```

> ##### Handling shortfall in the Haushaltsrechnung

Reviewer: Wording klären

> A complete offer without document(s) is expected. The feasibilty status is **NICHT_MACHBAR**. Completeness messages, that point out the missing data, must be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A complete offer without document(s) is expected. The feasibilty status is `NICHT_MACHBAR`. Completeness messages, that point out the missing data, must be available.
```

> If the application is not feasible due to a shortfall in the Haushaltsrechnung, in best case the duration will be extended. If this is not possible, a downselling of the loan amount can take place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application is not feasible due to a shortfall in the Haushaltsrechnung, ideally the duration will be extended. If this is not possible, a downselling of the loan amount can take place.
```

If a downselling results in a feasible offer, this is marked as <code>"angepasst": true</code> and contains appropriate adjustment messages to inform the broker of the adjustment.

> If a downselling is not possible, an offer without document(s) with the status **NICHT_MACHBAR** and at least one corresponding feasibility message is expected. Duration and loan amount should in this case correspond to the original request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a downselling is not possible, an offer without document(s) with the status `NICHT_MACHBAR` and at least one corresponding feasibility message is expected. Duration and loan amount should in this case correspond to the original request.
```

> #### Messages

Reviewer: Einrückung checken

Messages are generated to provide guidance to the broker on the excecution and feasibility of the application. The following categories are distinguished.

| Message category  | Description | <code>machbarkeitsstatus</code>| <code>angepasst</code> |
|--------|--------|--------|--------|

> | <code>MACHBARKEIT</code> | The application will be rejected. | NICHT_MACHBAR| <i>no influence<i> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <code>MACHBARKEIT</code> | The application will be rejected. | `NICHT_MACHBAR`| <i>no influence<i> |
```

> | <code>VOLLSTAENDIGKEIT</code> | The application is incomplete and must be completed with missing data. | NICHT_MACHBAR| <i>no influence<i> | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <code>VOLLSTAENDIGKEIT</code> | The application is incomplete and must be completed with missing data. | `NICHT_MACHBAR`| <i>no influence<i> | 
```

| <code>HINWEIS</code> | Note to the broker. | <i>no influence<i> | <i>no influence<i>|

> | <code>ANPASSUNG</code> | Information about adjustments of the customer's request, e.g. monthly payment, loan amount oder insurance. | MACHBAR | true | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <code>ANPASSUNG</code> | Information about adjustments of the customer's request, e.g. monthly payment, loan amount oder insurance. | `MACHBAR` | `true` | 
```

> | <code>ANPASSUNG</code> | Not to adjustments of the customer's request, e.g. monthly payment, loan amount oder insurance. | MACHBAR | true | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <code>ANPASSUNG</code> | Information about adjustments of the customer's request, e.g. monthly payment, loan amount oder insurance. | MACHBAR | true | 
```

> #### Status

Reviewer: Einrückung checken

| Machbarkeitsstatus  | Description |
|--------|--------|

> | MACHBAR | The application is accepted. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MACHBAR` | The application is accepted. |
```

> | MACHBAR_UNTER_VORBEHALT_PRODUKTANBIETER | The application could not be examined conclusively. Product provider and broker need to renegotiate.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `MACHBAR_UNTER_VORBEHALT_PRODUKTANBIETER` | The application could not be examined conclusively. Product provider and broker need to renegotiate.| 
```

> | NICHT_MACHBAR | The application is rejected. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `NICHT_MACHBAR` | The application is rejected. |
```

> | MACHBAR_UNTER_VORBEHALT_PRODUKTANBIETER | The application could not be finally examined. Produktanbieter and broker need to renegotiate.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MACHBAR_UNTER_VORBEHALT_PRODUKTANBIETER | The application could not be examined conclusively. Produktanbieter and broker need to renegotiate.| 
```

## Authentication

> The method of authentication is agreed between the Produktanbieter and Europace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method of authentication has to be coordinated between the Produktanbieter and Europace.
```
